I started the course during the beginning of week 2. Since then I have done work ammounting to about 55 hours. I initialised the project locally and started to study the course the requirements, possible themes to create the project on and so on. I decided to continue with the algorithm comparison task as I saw it as an opportunity for me to learn and deep dive into two algorithms that were not so familiar to me before the course. I decided to use Python as a language as it is the most familiar language to me and as it has extensive integrated libraries that can easily be used for the project. I decided early on to focus more on the performance and more academic understanding of these two algorithms I picked (Dijkstra and IDA*) rather than the visual outlook of the project, so I could allocate my time in a way that would enhance my knowledge on more of the technical aspects of these algorithms.

I decided to use these two algorithms to solve a simple task: how to find the quickest route through a maze. This was I think not too difficult a thing to implement on the code level but still a task that was sufficient enough for the observation of the differences between Djikstra and IDA*. As the start of week 2 was pretty much focused on the learning of the course and these algorithms, during the end of week two and during week 3 I really started to implement the program used to run the algorithms on the task previously mentioned and on how the program could function in a simple way even when providing sufficient information on the performance of the algorithms and so on. The program structure was formed as a quite simple one from early on, and it did not itself take to much time. The time that I had was mainly used to correctly impement these algorithms on a code level while also integrating them to the maze task. Firstly, I thought a simple premade maze provided in the code would be good, but eventually I decided to move the maze to a .txt file to allow at least a bit more flexible use of the program while also enabling clear test cases for building of the testing functionalities in the future.

During week 3 the program structure and code was pretty well in place, so I began building the testing of the program. Test cases were pretty easy to catch up on as I had build the program as a simple one to really allow the testing be straightforward and efficient. Thought about better refactoring the code also on week 3 and also the testing, but eventually ended up building it quite consice. This has unwanted effects on the readibility of the program, but I decided to rather build the code as robust as possible to make it work without bugs. Refactoring might be something to consider though in the future.

Documentation is also quite consice and hopefully I have time to make it better during the upcoming weeks. Thanks to the clear requirements for the documentation on the course page, I think I have done the necessary aspects of the documentation already, though feedback on the documentation and the whole project is very much appreciated so I can know wether the project responds correctly to the requirement that are set to it.